---
title: ".NET Framework Reference Information (Visual Basic)"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/18/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - VB
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-visual-basic
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 8b202505-608b-4223-bbd9-2ace3d73e6cd
caps.latest.revision: 17
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# .NET Framework Reference Information (Visual Basic)
This topic provides links to information about how to work with the [!INCLUDE[dnprdnshort](../vs140/includes/dnprdnshort_md.md)] class library.  
  
## Related Sections  
 [Getting Started with the .NET Framework](assetId:///c693fd34-88fe-4d90-b332-19eeadf3b7e7)  
 Provides a comprehensive overview of the .NET Framework and links to additional resources.  
  
 [.NET Framework Class Library Overview](assetId:///7e4c5921-955d-4b06-8709-101873acf157)  
 Introduces the classes, interfaces, and value types that help expedite and optimize the development process and provide access to system functionality.  
  
 [.NET Framework Development Guide](assetId:///26e3d285-24c3-435c-a797-9fe5affb8525)  
 Provides a guide to all key technology areas and tasks for application development, including creating, configuring, debugging, securing, and deploying your application. This topic also provides information about dynamic programming, interoperability, extensibility, memory management, and threading.  
  
 [.NET Framework Tools](assetId:///a2ca532d-91f7-426a-9303-417c2ee1247c)  
 Describes the tools that you can use to develop, configure, and deploy applications by using .NET Framework technologies.  
  
 [.NET Framework Samples](assetId:///177055f8-4a1f-43e7-aee6-995c196079b1)  
 Provides links to sample applications that demonstrate .NET Framework technologies.  
  
 [.NET Framework Class Library](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=227195)  
 Provides syntax, code examples, and related information for each class in the .NET Framework namespaces.