---
title: "C-C++ Build Errors"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - C++
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-cpp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: error-reference
H1: C/C++ Build Errors
ms.assetid: 2470b496-28fa-47e7-a238-a086d99b06ca
caps.latest.revision: 12
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# C-C++ Build Errors
The articles in this section of the documentation explain error messages that are generated by the build tools. The [!INCLUDE[vcprvc](../vs140/includes/vcprvc_md.md)] compiler and build tools can report many kinds of errors and warnings. The build tools may make assumptions about code intent and attempt to continue after an error or warning is found, so that more issues can be reported at the same time. If the tools make the wrong assumption, later errors or warnings may not apply to your project. When you correct issues in your project, always start with the first error or warning that's reported, and rebuild often.  
  
 To get help on a particular error message in Visual Studio, select an error number in the **Output** window and press the F1 key to open the MSDN page for that error. In MSDN, you can also search for articles about errors or browse the list of errors by category in the navigation pane.  
  
> [!NOTE]
>  Not every [!INCLUDE[vcprvc](../vs140/includes/vcprvc_md.md)] error is documented in MSDN because in many cases, the diagnostic message provides all of the information that's available. If you think an error message needs additional explanation, you can let us know. On the menu bar in Visual Studio, choose **Help**, **Report a Bug**, or submit a suggestion or bug report on [Microsoft Connect](http://connect.microsoft.com/VisualStudio).  
  
 You may find assistance for errors and warnings on the MSDN public forums. The [Visual C++ Language](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=158195) forum is for questions and discussions about the [!INCLUDE[vcprvc](../vs140/includes/vcprvc_md.md)] language syntax and compiler. The [Visual C++ General](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=158194) forum is for questions about [!INCLUDE[vcprvc](../vs140/includes/vcprvc_md.md)] that are not discussed in other forums. You may also find help about errors and warnings on [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/).  
  
 For links to additional resources about [!INCLUDE[vcprvc](../vs140/includes/vcprvc_md.md)], see [Visual C++ Help and Community](../vs140/Visual-C---Help-and-Community.md).  
  
## See Also  
 [C/C++ Building Reference](../vs140/C-C---Building-Reference.md)   
 [Debugging in Visual Studio](../vs140/Debugging-in-Visual-Studio.md)