---
title: "CMDIFrameWndEx::OnShowMDITabContextMenu"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - C++
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-cpp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 5cb49a2a-e3cd-41d8-bb94-47d2d01e3103
caps.latest.revision: 15
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# CMDIFrameWndEx::OnShowMDITabContextMenu
Called by the framework before a shortcut menu is displayed on one of the tabs. Valid for MDI Tabbed Groups only.  
  
## Syntax  
  
```  
virtual BOOL OnShowMDITabContextMenu(  
   CPoint point,  
   DWORD dwAllowedItems,  
   BOOL bTabDrop   
);  
```  
  
#### Parameters  
 [in] `point`  
 The location of the menu in screen coordinates.  
  
 [in] `dwAllowedItems`  
 A bitwise-OR combination of flags that indicates what actions are allowed for the current tab:  
  
-   `BCGP_MDI_CREATE_VERT_GROUP` - can create a vertical tab group.  
  
-   `BCGP_MDI_CREATE_HORZ_GROUP` - can create a horizontal tab group.  
  
-   `BCGP_MDI_CAN_MOVE_PREV` - can move a tab to the previous tab group.  
  
-   `BCGP_MDI_CAN_MOVE_NEXT` - can move a tab to the next tab group.  
  
-   `BCGP_MDI_CAN_BE_DOCKED` - switch a tabbed document to docked state (relevant for tabbed documents only).  
  
 [in] `bTabDrop`  
 `TRUE` to display the menu as a result of dragging the tab onto another tabbed group. `FALSE` to display the menu as a shortcut menu on the currently active tab.  
  
## Return Value  
 Override this method in a [CMDIFrameWndEx Class](../vs140/CMDIFrameWndEx-Class.md)-derived class.  
  
## Remarks  
 If you do not process `OnShowMDITabContextMenu`, the shortcut menu will not be displayed. This function is generated by the **MFC Application Wizard** when you enable the MDI Tabbed Groups feature.  
  
## Example  
 The following example shows how `OnShowMDITabContextMenu` is used in the [VisualStudioDemo Sample: MFC Visual Studio Application](../vs140/Visual-C---Samples.md).  
  
 [!CODE [NVC_MFC_VisualStudioDemo#14](../CodeSnippet/VS_Snippets_Misc/NVC_MFC_VisualStudioDemo#14)]  
  
## Requirements  
 **Header:** afxMDIFrameWndEx.h  
  
## See Also  
 [CMDIFrameWndEx Class](../vs140/CMDIFrameWndEx-Class.md)   
 [Hierarchy Chart](../vs140/Hierarchy-Chart.md)