---
title: "COleDataSource::DoDragDrop"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - C++
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-cpp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 65b2573d-5006-4cd5-892d-0b18c9e975f1
caps.latest.revision: 13
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# COleDataSource::DoDragDrop
Call the `DoDragDrop` member function to perform a drag-and-drop operation for this data source, typically in an [CWnd::OnLButtonDown](../vs140/CWnd--OnLButtonDown.md) handler.  
  
## Syntax  
  
```  
  
      DROPEFFECT DoDragDrop(  
   DWORD dwEffects = DROPEFFECT_COPY|DROPEFFECT_MOVE|DROPEFFECT_LINK,  
   LPCRECT lpRectStartDrag = NULL,  
   COleDropSource* pDropSource = NULL   
);  
```  
  
#### Parameters  
 `dwEffects`  
 Drag-and-drop operations that are allowed on this data source. Can be one or more of the following:  
  
-   `DROPEFFECT_COPY` A copy operation could be performed.  
  
-   `DROPEFFECT_MOVE` A move operation could be performed.  
  
-   `DROPEFFECT_LINK` A link from the dropped data to the original data could be established.  
  
-   `DROPEFFECT_SCROLL` Indicates that a drag scroll operation could occur.  
  
 `lpRectStartDrag`  
 Pointer to the rectangle that defines where the drag actually starts. For more information, see the following Remarks section.  
  
 *pDropSource*  
 Points to a drop source. If **NULL** then a default implementation of [COleDropSource](../vs140/COleDropSource-Class.md) will be used.  
  
## Return Value  
 Drop effect generated by the drag-and-drop operation; otherwise `DROPEFFECT_NONE` if the operation never begins because the user released the mouse button before leaving the supplied rectangle.  
  
## Remarks  
 The drag-and-drop operation does not start immediately. It waits until the mouse cursor leaves the rectangle specified by `lpRectStartDrag` or until a specified number of milliseconds have passed. If `lpRectStartDrag` is **NULL**, the size of the rectangle is one pixel.  
  
 The delay time is specified by a registry key setting. You can change the delay time by calling [CWinApp::WriteProfileString](../vs140/CWinApp--WriteProfileString.md) or [CWinApp::WriteProfileInt](../vs140/CWinApp--WriteProfileInt.md). If you do not specify the delay time, a default value of 200 milliseconds is used. Drag delay time is stored as follows:  
  
-   Windows NT   Drag delay time is stored in HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\NT\CurrentVersion\IniFileMapping\win.ini\Windows\DragDelay.  
  
-   Windows 3.x   Drag delay time is stored in the WIN.INI file, under the [Windows} section.  
  
-   Windows 95/98   Drag delay time is stored in a cached version of WIN.INI.  
  
 For more information about how drag delay information is stored in either the registry or the .INI file, see [WriteProfileString](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/ms725504) in the [!INCLUDE[winSDK](../vs140/includes/winSDK_md.md)].  
  
 For more information, see the article [Drag and Drop: Implementing a Drop Source](../vs140/Drag-and-Drop--Implementing-a-Drop-Source.md).  
  
## Requirements  
 **Header:** afxole.h  
  
## See Also  
 [COleDataSource Class](../Topic/COleDataSource%20Class.md)   
 [Hierarchy Chart](../vs140/Hierarchy-Chart.md)   
 [COleDropSource::OnBeginDrag](../vs140/COleDropSource--OnBeginDrag.md)   
 [COleDropSource Class](../vs140/COleDropSource-Class.md)