---
title: "Common Data Views"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - vs-ide-debug
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: ee5e964c-1222-496d-b825-166443a89d2b
caps.latest.revision: 11
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# Common Data Views
This section contains reference information about the views and reports of profiler data files that are common to all profiling methods.  
  
## In This Section  
 [Summary View](../vs140/Summary-View.md)  
 Describes the Summary view and report. The data columns depend on the profiling method.  
  
 [Caller/Callee View](../vs140/Caller-Callee-View.md)  
 Describes the Call Tree view and report. The data columns depend on the profiling method.  
  
 [Call Tree View](../vs140/Call-Tree-View.md)  
 Describes the Call Tree view and report. The data columns depend on the profiling method.  
  
 [Modules View](../vs140/Modules-View.md)  
 Describes the Modules view and report. The data columns depend on the profiling method.  
  
 [Functions View](../vs140/Functions-View.md)  
 Describes the Functions view and report. The data columns depend on the profiling method.  
  
 [Lines View](../vs140/Lines-View.md)  
 Describes the Lines view and report. The data columns depend on the profiling method.  
  
 [Instruction Pointer (IP) View](../vs140/Instruction-Pointers--IPs--View.md)  
 Describes the Instruction Pointer (IP) view and report. The data columns depend on the profiling method.  
  
 [Process View](../vs140/Process-View.md)  
 Lists process and thread start and end times.  
  
 [Marks View](../vs140/Marks-View.md)  
 Lists ETW and sampling events that were inserted into a profiling data file.  
  
## Related Sections  
 [Profiler Sampling Method Data Views](../vs140/Profiler-Sampling-Method-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information about the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the sampling method.  
  
 [Profiler Instrumentation Method Data Views](../vs140/Instrumentation-Method-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information about the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the instrumentation method.  
  
 [Profiler .NET Memory Data Views](../vs140/.NET-Memory-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information about the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using .NET memory collection.