---
title: "Instrumentation Method Data Views"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - vs-ide-debug
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 481f7579-f784-49ef-bb6c-2944e9d6ab42
caps.latest.revision: 12
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# Instrumentation Method Data Views
This section contains reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the instrumentation method.  
  
## In This Section  
 [Summary View - Profiler Instrumentation Data](../vs140/Summary-View---Instrumentation-Data.md)  
 Lists the functions that consumed the most time and the functions that did the most individual work.  
  
 [Call Tree View - Profiler Instrumentation Data](../vs140/Call-Tree-View---Instrumentation-Data.md)  
 Displays the execution paths of functions in a hierarchical tree.  
  
 [Modules View - Profiler Instrumentation Data](../vs140/Modules-View---Instrumentation-Data.md)  
 Organizes profiling data by module, and lists profiling data for the functions in the module.  
  
 [Caller / Callee View - Profiler Instrumentation Data](../vs140/Caller-Callee-View---Instrumentation-Data.md)  
 Displays profiling data for the parent and child functions of a selected function.  
  
 [Functions View - Profiler Instrumentation Data](../vs140/Functions-View---Instrumentation-Data.md)  
 Lists profiling data by function.  
  
## Reference  
 [Function Details View](../vs140/Function-Details-View.md)  
 Displays a graphical chart of the relationship between a selected function and the functions that called and were called by the selected function.  
  
 [Process View](../vs140/Process-View.md)  
 Lists process start, end, and lifetime time for all processes that wer profiled.  
  
## Related Sections  
 [Profiler Sampling Method Data Views](../vs140/Profiler-Sampling-Method-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the sampling method.  
  
 [Profiler .NET Memory Data Views](../vs140/.NET-Memory-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that include .NET memory data.  
  
 [Contention Profiling Data Views](../vs140/Resource-Contention-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the thread contention method.  
  
## See Also  
 [Understanding Instrumentation Data Values in Profiling Tools](../vs140/Understanding-Instrumentation-Data-Values.md)