---
title: "MailboxProcessor.PostAndReply&lt;&#39;Msg,&#39;Reply&gt; Method (F#)"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - FSharp
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-fsharp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
apiname: 
  - MailboxProcessor.PostAndReply<'Msg,'Reply>
apilocation: 
  - FSharp.Core.dll
apitype: Assembly
ms.assetid: 11842a52-ea51-45e8-86c4-72e887fedf71
caps.latest.revision: 24
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# MailboxProcessor.PostAndReply&lt;&#39;Msg,&#39;Reply&gt; Method (F#)
Posts a message to an agent and await a reply on the channel, synchronously.  
  
 **Namespace/Module Path:** Microsoft.FSharp.Control  
  
 **Assembly:** FSharp.Core (in FSharp.Core.dll)  
  
## Syntax  
  
```  
// Signature:  
member this.PostAndReply : (AsyncReplyChannel<'Reply> -> 'Msg) * ?int -> 'Reply  
  
// Usage:  
mailboxProcessor.PostAndReply (buildMessage)  
mailboxProcessor.PostAndReply (buildMessage, timeout = timeout)  
```  
  
#### Parameters  
 `buildMessage`  
 Type: [AsyncReplyChannel](../vs140/Control.AsyncReplyChannel--Reply--Class--F#-.md)`<'Reply> ->   'Msg`  
  
 The function to incorporate the [AsyncReplyChannel](../vs140/Control.AsyncReplyChannel--Reply--Class--F#-.md) into the message to be sent.  
  
 `timeout`  
 Type: [int](../vs140/Core.int-Type-Abbreviation--F#-.md)  
  
 An optional timeout parameter (in milliseconds) to wait for a reply message. The default is -1 which corresponds to <xref:System.Threading.Timeout.Infinite?qualifyHint=False>.  
  
## Return Value  
 The reply from the agent.  
  
## Remarks  
 The message is generated by applying `buildMessage` to a new reply channel to be incorporated into the message. The receiving agent must process this message and invoke the `Reply` method on this reply channel precisely once.  
  
## Example  
 The following code example shows how to start a mailbox processor agent. In this example, each line of input from the console is posted to a message queue. The program reads each message and replies by using a reply channel. When the special message "Stop" is received, the Stop reply is sent and the program exits.  
  
 [!CODE [FsMailboxProcessor#7](../CodeSnippet/VS_Snippets_Fsharp/fsmailboxprocessor#7)]  
  
 Following is an example session.  
  
 **Mailbox Processor TestType some text and press Enter to submit a message.Type 'Stop' to close the program.> hello1 : Console loop4 : mailboxProcessorReply: Message number 0 was received. Message contents: hello> testing1 : Console loop3 : mailboxProcessorReply: Message number 1 was received. Message contents: testing> hello?1 : Console loop4 : mailboxProcessorReply: Message number 2 was received. Message contents: hello?> testing 1 2 31 : Console loop3 : mailboxProcessorReply: Message number 3 was received. Message contents: testing 1 2 3> Stop1 : Console loop4 : mailboxProcessorPress Enter to continue.**   
## Platforms  
 Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008 R2  
  
## Version Information  
 **F# Core Library Versions**  
  
 Supported in: 2.0, 4.0, Portable  
  
## See Also  
 [Control.MailboxProcessor<'Msg> Class (F#)](../vs140/Control.MailboxProcessor--Msg--Class--F#-.md)   
 [Microsoft.FSharp.Control Namespace (F#)](../vs140/Microsoft.FSharp.Control-Namespace--F#-.md)