---
title: "MailboxProcessor.PostAndAsyncReply&lt;&#39;Msg,&#39;Reply&gt; Method (F#)"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - FSharp
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-fsharp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
apiname: 
  - MailboxProcessor.PostAndAsyncReply<'Msg,'Reply>
apilocation: 
  - FSharp.Core.dll
apitype: Assembly
ms.assetid: cd7d03c7-cc82-46f3-9f9a-ed689164e4a8
caps.latest.revision: 25
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# MailboxProcessor.PostAndAsyncReply&lt;&#39;Msg,&#39;Reply&gt; Method (F#)
Posts a message to an agent and await a reply on the channel, asynchronously.  
  
 **Namespace/Module Path:** Microsoft.FSharp.Control  
  
 **Assembly:** FSharp.Core (in FSharp.Core.dll)  
  
## Syntax  
  
```  
// Signature:  
member this.PostAndAsyncReply : (AsyncReplyChannel<'Reply> -> 'Msg) * ?int -> Async<'Reply>  
  
// Usage:  
mailboxProcessor.PostAndAsyncReply (buildMessage)  
mailboxProcessor.PostAndAsyncReply (buildMessage, timeout = timeout)  
```  
  
#### Parameters  
 `buildMessage`  
 Type: [AsyncReplyChannel](../vs140/Control.AsyncReplyChannel--Reply--Class--F#-.md)`<'Reply> ->   'Msg`  
  
 The function to incorporate the AsyncReplyChannel into the message to be sent.  
  
 `timeout`  
 Type: [int](../vs140/Core.int-Type-Abbreviation--F#-.md)  
  
 An optional timeout parameter (in milliseconds) to wait for a reply message. The default is -1 which corresponds to <xref:System.Threading.Timeout.Infinite?qualifyHint=False>.  
  
## Return Value  
 An asychronous computation ([Async](../Topic/Control.Async%20Class%20\(F%23\).md) object) that will wait for the reply from the agent.  
  
## Remarks  
 The message is generated by applying `buildMessage` to a new reply channel to be incorporated into the message. The receiving agent must process this message and invoke the Reply method on this reply channel precisely once.  
  
## Example  
 The following code example shows a mailbox processor agent that uses `PostAndAsyncReply`. The return value of `PostAndAsyncReply` is an asynchronous workflow, which in this example is started by using `Async.StartWithContinuations`, to set up the code that handles the reply.  
  
 [!CODE [FsMailboxProcessor#14](../CodeSnippet/VS_Snippets_Fsharp/fsmailboxprocessor#14)]  
  
 Here is an example session. The output might be interleaved, which shows that the message processing function is running on multiple threads.  
  
 **Mailbox Processor TestType some text and press Enter to submit a message.> hello> hello?> testing> testingMessage number 0 was received. Message contents: hello1> testing2> Message number 1 was received. Message contents: hello?testing3> Message number 2 was received. Message contents: testingMessage number 3 was received. Message contents: testing 1MeMessage number 5 was received. Message contents: testing3ssage number 4 was received. Message contents: testing2**   
## Platforms  
 Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008 R2  
  
## Version Information  
 **F# Core Library Versions**  
  
 Supported in: 2.0, 4.0, Portable  
  
## See Also  
 [Control.MailboxProcessor<'Msg> Class (F#)](../vs140/Control.MailboxProcessor--Msg--Class--F#-.md)   
 [Microsoft.FSharp.Control Namespace (F#)](../vs140/Microsoft.FSharp.Control-Namespace--F#-.md)