---
title: "Profiler Sampling Method Data Views"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - vs-ide-debug
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 798de693-e43a-4056-aff5-48310c2172c5
caps.latest.revision: 15
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# Profiler Sampling Method Data Views
This section contains reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the sampling method.  
  
> [!NOTE]
>  Enhanced security features in Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012 required significant changes in the way the Visual Studio profiler collects data on these platforms. Windows Store apps also require new collection techniques. See [Profiling Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012 applications](../vs140/Performance-Tools-on-Windows-8-and-Windows-Server-2012-applications.md).  
  
## In This Section  
 [Summary View - Profiler Sampling Data](../vs140/Summary-View---Sampling-Data.md)  
 Lists the functions that were executing most frequently when samples were collected and the functions that were performing the most individual work.  
  
 [Call Tree View - Profiler Sampling Data](../vs140/Call-Tree-View---Sampling-Data.md)  
 Displays the execution paths of functions in a hierarchical tree.  
  
 [Modules View - Profiler Sampling Data](../vs140/Modules-View---Sampling-Data.md)  
 Organizes profiling data by module, and lists the functions, source code lines, and instructions that were executing when samples were collected.  
  
 [Caller / Callee View - Profiler Sampling Data](../vs140/Caller---Callee-View---Sampling-Data.md)  
 Displays profiling data for a selected function and the functions that called and were called by the selected function.  
  
 [Functions View - Profiler Sampling Data](../vs140/Functions-View---Sampling-Data.md)  
 Organizes profiling by function, and lists the functions that were executing when samples were collected.  
  
 [Lines View - Profiler Sampling Data](../vs140/Lines-View---Sampling-Data.md)  
 Lists the source code lines that were executing when samples were collected.  
  
 [Instruction Pointers (IPs) View - Profiler Sampling Data](../vs140/Instruction-Pointers--IPs--View---Sampling-Data.md)  
 Lists the source code lines that were executing when samples were collected.  
  
## Reference  
 [Process View](../vs140/Process-View.md)  
 Lists process and thread start and end times.  
  
 [Marks View](../vs140/Marks-View.md)  
 Lists ETW and sampling events that were inserted into a profiling data file.  
  
 [Function Details View](../vs140/Function-Details-View.md)  
 Displays a graphical chart of the relationship between a selected function and the functions that called and were called by the selected function.  
  
## Related Sections  
 [Profiler Instrumentation Method Data Views](../vs140/Instrumentation-Method-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that were generated by using the instrumentation method.  
  
 [Profiler .NET Memory Data Views](../vs140/.NET-Memory-Data-Views.md)  
 Reference information for the views and reports of profiler data files that include .NET memory data.  
  
## See Also  
 [Understanding Sampling Data Values in Profiling Tools](../vs140/Understanding-Sampling-Data-Values.md)