---
title: "Sample Excel Add-In for Coded UI Testing"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - vs-devops-test
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 2cd52d1a-4c35-43ca-8a84-9c79dabd907f
caps.latest.revision: 18
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# Sample Excel Add-In for Coded UI Testing
This sample Add-In for [!INCLUDE[ofprexcel](../vs140/includes/ofprexcel_md.md)] is designed specifically to support Coded UI Tests of Excel worksheets that are recorded and run in Visual Studio Enterprise. The Add-In is created by using Visual Studio Tools for Office.  
  
 For more information about how to create an Excel Add-In, see [Walkthrough: Creating Your First Application-Level Add-in for Excel](assetId:///a855e2be-3ecf-4112-a7f5-ec0f7fad3b5f) or search MSDN for "Excel Add-In".  
  
 Although the Excel Add-In is not the primary subject of this documentation of the Coded UI Test Extension for Excel, a few comments may be helpful.  
  
 The important parts of this Add-In:  
  
-   `ThisAddIn`  Class - Manages the .NET Remoting channel between the `ExcelUICommunicator` and the [Sample Coded UI Test Extension for Excel](../Topic/Sample%20Coded%20UI%20Test%20Extension%20for%20Excel.md).  
  
-   `ExcelCodedUIAddinHelper_TemporaryKey.pfx`  - A security certificate for testing the Add-In.  
  
-   `ExcelUICommunicator`  Class - This class implements the `IExcelUICommunication` interface.  
  
## ThisAddIn Class  
 Most of this class is actually generated by Visual Studio Tools for Office in the `ThisAddIn.Designer.cs` file when you create your Excel Add-In project.  
  
 The members that you must implement are the event handlers: `ThisAddIn_Startup()` and `ThisAddIn_Shutdown()`. Their purpose is to initialize or close the .NET Remoting channel that is used by the `ExcelUICommunicator`.  
  
## ExcelCodedUIAddinHelper_TemporaryKey.pfx  
 This file contains a temporary security certificate that is generated by Visual Studio Tools for Office and gives the Add-In assembly permission to operate in the Excel process for testing the Add-In and extension. You should delete this certificate and either create a new one in the **Signing** tab of the project **Properties** window, or attach your own testing certificate.  
  
## ExcelUICommunicator Class  
 This class implements the `IExcelUITestCommunication` interface and gets the requested UI information from the Excel object model. For more information, see [Sample Excel Communicator Interface](../vs140/Sample-Excel-Communicator-Interface.md).  
  
## See Also  
 [Extending Coded UI Testing to Microsoft Excel](../Topic/Extending%20Coded%20UI%20Tests%20and%20Action%20Recordings%20to%20Support%20Microsoft%20Excel.md)   
 [Walkthrough: Creating Your First Application-Level Add-in for Excel](assetId:///a855e2be-3ecf-4112-a7f5-ec0f7fad3b5f)   
 [Office Development in Visual Studio](assetId:///2ddec047-263a-4901-a54c-a15fc8472329)