---
title: "Seq.unfold&lt;&#39;State,&#39;T&gt; Function (F#)"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - FSharp
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-fsharp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: reference
apiname: 
  - Seq.unfold<'State,'T>
apilocation: 
  - FSharp.Core.dll
apitype: Assembly
ms.assetid: 7d9232fc-742e-42bc-bdf7-6f130f0eff21
caps.latest.revision: 20
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# Seq.unfold&lt;&#39;State,&#39;T&gt; Function (F#)
Returns a sequence that contains the elements generated by the given computation.  
  
 **Namespace/Module Path:** Microsoft.FSharp.Collections.Seq  
  
 **Assembly:** FSharp.Core (in FSharp.Core.dll)  
  
## Syntax  
  
```  
// Signature:  
Seq.unfold : ('State -> ('T * 'State) option) -> 'State -> seq<'T>  
  
// Usage:  
Seq.unfold generator state  
```  
  
#### Parameters  
 `generator`  
 Type: `'State -> 'T * 'State option`  
  
 A function that takes the current state and returns an option tuple of the next element of the sequence and the next state value.  
  
 `state`  
 Type: `'State`  
  
 The initial state value.  
  
## Return Value  
 The result sequence.  
  
## Remarks  
 The given initial `state` argument is passed to the element generator. For each `IEnumerator` elements in the stream are generated on-demand by applying the element generator, until a `None` value is returned by the element generator. Each call to the element generator returns a new residual `state`.  
  
 The stream will be recomputed each time an `IEnumerator` is requested and iterated for the sequence. The returned sequence may be passed between threads safely. However, individual `IEnumerator` values generated from the returned sequence should not be accessed concurrently.  
  
 This function is named `Unfold` in compiled assemblies. If you are accessing the function from a language other than F#, or through reflection, use this name.  
  
## Example  
 The following code demonstrates the use `Seq.unfold` to generate two sequences. The first just generates a sequence of integers. The second generates a sequence of Fibonacci numbers, which are composed by adding the two previous numbers in the sequence. The first two numbers in the Fibonacci sequence are (1, 1), which forms the initial `state` parameter. The state at each step consists of the two numbers whose sum produces the next Fibonacci number.  
  
 [!CODE [FsSequences#14](../CodeSnippet/VS_Snippets_Fsharp/fssequences#14)]  
  
 **The sequence seq1 contains numbers from 0 to 20.**  
**0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20**   
**The sequence fib contains Fibonacci numbers.**  
**2 3 5 8 13 21 34 55 89 144 233 377 610 987 1597**   
## Platforms  
 Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Server 2012, Windows Server 2008 R2  
  
## Version Information  
 **F# Core Library Versions**  
  
 Supported in: 2.0, 4.0, Portable  
  
## See Also  
 [Collections.Seq Module (F#)](../Topic/Collections.Seq%20Module%20\(F%23\).md)   
 [Microsoft.FSharp.Collections Namespace (F#)](../Topic/Microsoft.FSharp.Collections%20Namespace%20\(F%23\).md)