---
title: "time_put::do_put"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.devlang: 
  - C++
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-cpp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 78d64698-ae46-471f-b17b-6ef1f8459314
caps.latest.revision: 15
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# time_put::do_put
A virtual function that outputs time and date information as a sequence of **CharType**s.  
  
## Syntax  
  
```  
virtual iter_type do_put(  
    iter_type _Next,   
    ios_base& _Iosbase,  
    const tm* _Pt,   
    char _Fmt,   
    char _Mod = 0  
) const;  
```  
  
#### Parameters  
 `_Next`  
 An output iterator where the sequence of characters representing time and date are to be inserted.  
  
 `_Iosbase`  
 Unused.  
  
 `_Pt`  
 The time and date information being output.  
  
 `_Fmt`  
 The format of the output. See [strftime, wcsftime, _strftime_l, _wcsftime_l](../vs140/strftime--wcsftime--_strftime_l--_wcsftime_l.md) for valid values.  
  
 `_Mod`  
 A modifier for the format. See [strftime, wcsftime, _strftime_l, _wcsftime_l](../vs140/strftime--wcsftime--_strftime_l--_wcsftime_l.md) for valid values.  
  
## Return Value  
 An iterator to the first position after the last element inserted.  
  
## Remarks  
 The virtual protected member function generates sequential elements beginning at `_Next` from time values stored in the object \*`_Pt`, of type **tm**. The function returns an iterator designating the next place to insert an element beyond the generated output.  
  
 The output is generated by the same rules used by `strftime`, with a last argument of `_Pt`, for generating a series of `char` elements into an array. Each such `char` element is assumed to map to an equivalent element of type **CharType** by a simple, one-to-one mapping. If `_Mod` equals zero, the effective format is "%F", where F is replaced by `_Fmt`. Otherwise, the effective format is "%MF", where M is replaced by `_Mod`.  
  
## Example  
 See the example for [put](../vs140/time_put--put.md), which calls `do_put`.  
  
## Requirements  
 **Header:** <locale\>  
  
 **Namespace:** std  
  
## See Also  
 [time_put Class](../vs140/time_put-Class.md)