---
title: "Walkthrough: Creating a Menu Command By Using the Visual Studio Package Template"
ms.custom: na
ms.date: 09/19/2016
ms.prod: visual-studio-dev14
ms.reviewer: na
ms.suite: na
ms.technology: 
  - devlang-csharp
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 1985fa7d-aad4-4866-b356-a125b6a246de
caps.latest.revision: 54
robots: noindex,nofollow
translation.priority.ht: 
  - de-de
  - ja-jp
---
# Walkthrough: Creating a Menu Command By Using the Visual Studio Package Template
The Visual Studio Package project template creates a basic VSPackage. The template can add code to create a menu command or a tool window.  
  
## Prerequisites  
 To follow this walkthrough, you must install the Visual Studio SDK. For more information, see [Visual Studio Software Development Kit (SDK)](../vs140/Visual-Studio-SDK.md).  
  
## Locations for the Visual Studio Package Project Template  
 The Visual Studio Package project template is available in these locations in the **New Project** dialog box:  
  
-   Under **Visual Basic Extensibility**. By default, the language of the project is Visual Basic.  
  
-   Under **C# Extensibility**. By default, the language of the project is C#.  
  
-   Under **Other Project Types Extensibility**. By default, the language of the project is C++.  
  
### To create a VSPackage by using the Visual Studio Package project template  
  
1.  Select the Visual Studio Package project template. In the **Name** box, type a name for the solution and then click **OK**.  
  
2.  On the **Select a Programming Language** page, select either Visual C# or Visual Basic. Have the template generate a key.snk file to sign the assembly. Alternatively, click **Browse** to select your own key file. The template makes a copy of your key file and names it key.snk.  
  
3.  On the **Basic VSPackage Information** page, specify details about your VSPackage.  
  
4.  Click **Next** to specify package options for your VSPackage.  
  
5.  Select the **Menu Command** option to create a command for your VSPackage. The new command is put at the top of the **Tools** menu. When the **Menu Command** option is selected, the **Command Options** page is displayed after you click **Next**.  
  
    1.  In the **Command Name** box, type a name for the new command.  
  
         If you later want to host the command as a button on the toolbar, this name is also used as the tooltip for the button.  
  
    2.  In the **Command ID** box, type the command ID for your command.  
  
         The command ID is the name of a constant that represents this command in the generated code.  
  
    3.  Click **Next** to select test project options.  
  
6.  Optionally, select **Integration Test Project** and **Unit Test Project** to create test projects for your solution.  
  
7.  Click **Finish** to create your VSPackage.  
  
### To test your menu command  
  
1.  Build the solution, and then start the experimental build of [!INCLUDE[vsprvs](../vs140/includes/vsprvs_md.md)] by pressing F5.  
  
2.  On the **Tools** menu, click your command. A message that has the following text is displayed:  
  
     <VSPackage name\>,  
  
     Inside vsip.<Project name\>.<VSPackage name\>.Exec().  
  
## Compiling the Code  
 Projects generated by the package wizard refer to particular build and deployment paths. If you copy the project to another computer, make sure that the paths are valid.  
  
## See Also  
 [VSPackage Overview](../vs140/VSPackages.md)